But regarding Hmmm始arken Passover
It has to have its background and its
treatment, which is a no-brainer .
As a matter of quesiton, our record has been
broken across the historputeric
This is due to their efforts,
especially the special conflict between...
the appreciated unity of ourlement and our Tatekawa gift scenery...
since its defocation on October last year.
It is not timing to forget our capability.
I would like to give this opportunity to the people.
Next, I would like to say that the three-national treaty between Japan and Japan,
which is not yet read, has no influence on the relations between Japan and Japan.
The three-national treaty between Japan and Japan,
It is a treaty that has been made with the purpose of uniting the three-national alliance.
In this sense, it is possible to say that the three-national treaty has been strengthened.
There is no misunderstanding between Japan and Japan that the treaty has been established.
The treaty is based on welcoming the establishment of the treaty with Japan.
The treaty itself symbolizes the future of Japan and Japan,
and promises the future of Japan and Japan.
The three-national treaty, which has been established for six weeks,
and the treaty of the three-national alliance, which was established in March this year,
are only logical expressions that show the development of the country's tradition.
This is the first time that the peace policy of the three-national treaty has been made clear to the world.